# VR-surgery
          A virtual environment or VR is a computer generated 3-dimensional environment where a person can interact using electronic devices. This essay will contain how it can be used for surgery training, details about the application, whether it is possible to construct such an application and how, is there such an application and have it ever been used and some ups and downs of the application.
          Some of the features a VR surgery application should have is to be able to do various types of surgeries or at least the ones that needs a lot of training and should be able to identify and guide the trainee if the surgery is done incorrectly or inaccurately. One of the most important features is to create an electronic glove that can connected to stand which will restrict some movements when interacting some objects in the virtual world and also can guide the trainee by controlling the gloves.
          Is it possible to accomplish creating an application with all these features? With the technology we have now and highly experienced programmers, virtual sculptors and robotics engineers which will be needed to create the electronic gloves and with a few types surgeons it is highly possible.
          For beginner surgeons it is likely to make mistakes even if a superior is guiding and can injure a patient. One of the greatest advantages to this application is a surgery can be done without injuring a patient and it can be done at any time and as many times. As for the disadvantages creating this application needs a lot of time and money and not just anyone is going to buy it so, it is very likely going to be expensive.
